Add clarity wrt SIGs that need to be projects (#348)
ossf/tac: process/sig-lifecycle.md

* SIGs may have regular meetings separate from their governing body, if so:
  * They should appear on the OpenSSF calendar
  * They should have a document with upcoming agendas and notes from past meetings

> * If the SIG starts to produce code or specifications, they must migrate to a [project](./project-lifecycle.md) instead

Author: ```suggestion
* If the SIG starts to produce code or specifications, they should consider becoming a [project](./project-lifecycle.md) instead, especially if this becomes the main scope of the SIG.
```
